Pompey Smash and Davy Crockett, by Lemuel Jeffus.
I hark from old Virginia where you see all the great men.
I am Pompey Smash, one of the principal statemen.
I am second best to none by the sight of the sun.
And by the Lord, my head it weighs a half a ton.
I'll sing to the folks what I think it am concerning.
I'll give you a little touch of the old Virginia learning.
The Yankees say tote and fotch, 'stead of bring and carry.
The way to talk grammar by the Lord Harry.
There's a nigger that they call Jim Crow.
He's a very learned scholar.
Tell you more lies than ever you could swallow.
Says that the earth world is bigger than the ocean.
Fashagrab's what keeps the world in motion.
Oh, but that is not a fact, for I'll tell you all exact about the sun and the moon in the twinking of a crack.
The world's made of mud out of the Mississippi River.
The sun's a ball of foxfire as you all discover.
The moon's made of cheese, alas it keeps a-flying.
The sun stands still and the world keeps a-gwine.
All the stars in ladies' eyes all around the world they rise for to give a little light when the moon don't shine.
Old Zip Coon is what the folks call him.
If I ever catch him, I intend for to maul him. Over such an accuracy, he takes a lot of liberty for to go about the streets and scandalize me.
He said I was a fool and didn't know a letter, but the folks that know me know a great deal better. over such an accuracy.
Can't discern true knowledge.
How in the world could he when he'd never been to college?
Nor neither have I, but I came very nigh.
For I caught a sight of college once as I passed by.